No one will trouble you again after Qingxue
Xiao Chen
I didn't expect you to have so much energy
You can also call the Wu Weijun
After all, I was also a member of the Wuwei Army before
Some connections
People
Wu Weijun is a weapon to protect my subordinates
Let his neighbor prosper for the tiger
Even a small tip from me
It can also make him unable to eat and walk around
lad
You must call the shots for our neighbor!
This little Chen not only turned me into a cripple
He also killed my dad
Now even your iron-blooded stomach is destroyed.
Uncle is not good
Are you and my dad brothers?
Yu Gong Yu
You must avenge him!
The little uncle is so relieved
That little minister is the sin of my Xiao family
He must die with a kill order on his back
But although it can actually kill the iron blood
It's amazing.
It seems that the energy behind him is not small.
Baby
That Xiao Quan
It seems that the fake Xiao family is big and young
Running amok in Yuncheng
Lian Murong Lan and King Asura
I lied to him
The little baby must also rely on this fox to fake tiger power
Secretly hurt my dad
What are you drunk and bold?
He actually fiercely established the clear shield of the Xiao family
Cheating here
But now this is the end
Protected by Murong trash and King Shura
There's nothing I can do.
Although the young general is not afraid of Shura
I can't move either
After all, he is the subordinate of Junkou-sama
What words?
As long as we can get an invitation to the king's feast
Sign at the king's banquet tomorrow
The prime minister of the general will impersonate the evidence of deception
Report to the Lord in public
I believe that with the character of the lord who is jealous of evil
I will definitely send that Xiao Chen
Get rid of that trash
Okay, let's do it.
Tomorrow, I will cultivate two families to join forces to make cakes together
Give me all the surnames of this drunken crime
Bu Yizhong what?
I wonder if you can give us the Lin family.
Get Chen Hongyan's invitation letter?
Although our Lin family is a first-class wealthy family in Yuncheng
But a banquet of this size
We are still not eligible to participate
Prophets are also small things
Tomorrow, the eldest young master of our Xiao family will come to Yunchang
I'll introduce you then
You just follow in.
Then I will thank the little uncle first
Hey, hey, hey.
Thank you little uncle